---
title: 'Driving Lesson #22'
date: Mon, 24 Nov 2008 20:22:21 +0000
draft: false
tags: ['Diary', 'Drivers Record', 'Driving', 'Test']
---

Today was another chance to go through my driver record, Kev got to tick off a few more of the boxes which is always a nice feeling. I am definitely suffering from a case of diminishing returns when it comes to driving, Kev and I had a discussion at the end of the lesson about trying to get more polish on my driving rather than learning any new skills. My driver record now looks like this: **Independent** Cockpit Checks, Safety Checks, Controls & Instruments, Safe Positioning, Mirrors - Vision & Use, Signals and Pedestrian Crossings. (7 in total) **Seldom Prompted** Moving Away & Stopping, Anticipation and Planning, Use of Speed, Other Traffic, Junctions, Roundabouts, Turning the Vehicle Around, Reversing, Parking, Darkness, Weather Conditions. (11 in total) **Prompted** Dual Carriageways, Legal Responsibilities, Environmental Issues, Security (4 in total) **Not Covered / Not Known** Passengers & Carrying Loads, Emergency Stops (2) I agree with all of that, Emergency Stops have not been covered at all yet, and we haven't spent enough time on Dual Carriageways to make any really judgment. The little box on the bottom right is a little hard to gauge as they are all covered in the theory test (not sure why they are on the drivers record really). Annoyingly enough the Brighton and Hove test centers are closing on the 8th of January and don't appear to have any free slots to book a test so it looks like I am going to be booking my test in Burgess Hill in February. Gives me plenty more time to practice!