---
title: 'Driving Lesson #1'
date: Mon, 04 Aug 2008 19:38:40 +0000
draft: false
tags: ['Diary', 'Driving', 'moving off', 'stopping']
---

I had my first driving lesson today with [Kevin Tant](http://www.snaildrive.co.uk/), started off a little nervous however I got more relaxed as the lesson continued. I am going to try and write down what I learnt here to help me remember for the next lesson - please do not take this as official or instructional (in fact it may well be **TOTALLY WRONG!**) if you are learning to drive there are lots of excellent resources on Amazon and I honestly can't stress how important it has to have an \[\[Wikipedia:Approved Driving Instructor\]\]. I suppose this post is inspired to an extent by several other learner drivers such as [Sean Moore](http://www.therundown.co.uk/blogs/sean/) who have very kindly been sharing their experiences with the world. First I had to **check the doors**, driver's side was easy enough as you can see that it is flush with the side of the car, the passenger side can be done the same, then checked the **hand brake was secure** by pulling it up. **Adjusted the seat**, and in theory **adjusted the steering wheel** (if it was adjustable, which it wasn't). Next task was to adjust mirrors, and then finally **fastened my seat belt** (and checked anyone under 14). So that makes the cockpit drill - **doors**, **hand brake**, **seat**, **steering wheel**, **mirrors**,  and **seat belt** _(DHSSMS)._ Next thing we went through was actually starting the car and moving (or 'Moving Off'). With the **handbrake on** I started the engine, changed to first gear by **pressing the clutch down to the floor** and **moving the gear stick into the first gear** position. From there I was taught to find the biting point with the clutch pedal (that is where the clutch plate just meets the flywheel - to the point where some of the rotational drive is transferred from the \[\[Wikipedia:flywheel\]\] to the \[\[Wikipedia:clutch\]\] plate and thus through the \[\[Wikipedia:Manual transmission|transmission\]\], \[\[Wikipedia:driveshaft\]\], \[\[Wikipedia:Differential (mechanical device)|differential\]\] and eventually the wheels). To actually move off I **lightly pressed the accelerator** (or 'gas' - grr Americanism - easier to say though) and brought the clutch up to the biting point. This is the point we **checked the mirrors (internal, right door and left door) and blind spot** before **releasing the hand break**. All of this got the car moving forwards, at which point the clutch could be released. Just to point out that my instructor had explained stopping in advance of moving off! I was struggling to the foot work right and it was nearing the end of the lesson so I don't really remember the sequence. Once of the things that I found hardest was concentrating on what I was doing in the car (feet, hands, dials and so on) and managing to steer in the right direction and pay attention to the road, this is why we are not allowed behind the wheel of a car without ample instruction.